# Today I Learned

## 2024-12-27

## Symbol
# Finished
% Unfinished
$ Updates Notes
# Today I Learned

## Today's Learnings
   # TryHackMe
   # IT Admin
   　/workspaces/development_public/tutorials/IT Administrator/Windows Support/Windows11_Automated_Setup_Guide

   # Tax filing preparation
   # DET preparation

## Detail

### UiPath
https://cloud.uipath.com/sawadesign/academy_
OverView

### THM Course

# Computer Science Basics / Pre Security
  # Introduciont to Cyber Security
  # Network Fundamentals
  # How The Web Works
  # Linux Fundamentals
  # Windows Fundamentals
  # Network Fundamentals


  Cyber Security Foundations / Cyber Security 101
    https://tryhackme.com/r/path/outline/cybersecurity101

  # Section 1 Start Your Cyber Security Journey
    # TryWinMe: Think Cyber Monopoly
    # Offensive Security Intro
    # Defensive Security Intro
    # SerchSkiils

  # Section 2 Linux Fundamentals
        # 1
        # 2
        # 3

  # Section 3 Windows Fundamentals
        # 1
        # 2
        # 3
        # Active Directory Basics

    Section 4 Command Line
        # Windows Command Line
        Windows PowerShell
          # introduction
          # what is powershell
    
    Section 5 
    Section 6
    Section 7
    Section 8
    Section 9
    Section 10
    Section 11
    Section 12
    Section 13


### How to connect thm
- split view
- Deploying Your Linux Machine:push "Start Machine"
- Get the IP address of Linux Machine
- Open the terminal and use command
  ssh tryhackme@IP.Address
  yes
  tryhackme
  tryhackme
---



### Words and Phrases
reworked(the reworked "Linux Fundamentals" series.):
ditch(we'll be ditching the in-browser functionalit):
flags(using flags and arguments):
arguments(using flags and arguments):
Although intimidating,:
whilist(Whilst Operating System vendors will maintain their own repositories,) :
So, to start,(So, to start, we need to add the GPG key for the developers of Sublime Text 3.):



### Corp IT

#### 改善案
/workspaces/development_public/tutorials/IT Administrator/CorpIT/改善案.txt

#### 警報転送ツール
/workspaces/development_public/tutorials/IT Administrator/CorpIT/monitoring.txt

#### キッティング
/workspaces/development_public/tutorials/IT Administrator/Windows Support/Windows11_Automated_Setup_Guide

#### 法令遵守・ガバナンス（内部統制）
/workspaces/development_public/tutorials/IT Administrator/CorpIT/法令遵守・ガバナンス.txt

#### Mac (OpenUrls)
/workspaces/development_public/tutorials/IT Administrator/Mac Support/openUrls

### GAS/店舗データ集計
tutorials/gas/店舗データ集計ツールDIR
---

## DET preparation

### The Benefits of Technology in Education TED Talk
https://youtu.be/XQc6oUH4wNM?si=uhAWyavNQkCS3P0M

### Script

#### First 1 minute: Introduction of the presentation.  
So we are living in a technological era.  
Children grow up with technology such as video games, laptops, Bluetooth, etc.  
Adults enjoy their own smartphones with Facebook, emails, and YouTube.  

You get the gist, in schools, teachers use technology as a tool to help improve their students' outcomes.  
There is no doubt that technology has been used everywhere and has brought to us a lot of benefits in every single aspect of our lives.  

So in education, a very important part of our lives, basically, then what are the benefits of the use of education? And, How does it help in teaching and learning?  

What is technology in education, you ask? Well, technology in education is the use of tools and knowledge to facilitate the learning of students. 
---




### **Note**

#### **Situation**
A junior high school student gave a presentation at a speech contest in front of a large monitor in a big presentation room.  
The girl had a microphone and a presentation switch to change slides.  
There were many of her friends and teachers listening to and monitoring her speech.  
The subject of her speech was "Technology in Education."

---

#### **My Impression**  
I am in Japan, over 40years, and during my teenage years, 
there were no technological devices or concepts like today.  

We could only learn from books, teachers, and our parents.  
So, we often went to school and the library to gain new knowledge.  
To access cutting-edge concepts, we had to go to college.

However, today, teenagers and adults use technological devices, software, and services to improve learning.  

It is one of the pros of technology that we can learn anytime, anywhere.

---

#### **My Understanding**  
I could understand about 50% of her speech, but I missed a few important sentences.  

---




#### Second minutes:Introdusing new and modern technological devices.
It is introducing new and modern technological devices such as interactive whiteboards, digital cameras, vendor projectors you see in every single classroom, and numerous educational software to the classroom.

There are totally a lot of computer applications that enhance learning, some of which you might find familiar. These include online learning software such as Google Meet and Zoom.
Then there's classroom management software such as Schoology, Google Classroom, etc.
Student information system software includes Wisenet, Workday, and so on.

We all know that teaching is actually hard work.
Correcting tests and assignments by hand takes a lot of time and energy.
This is why teachers could really use a helping hand from technology because technology is a useful tool that makes teaching an easier job.

Using technological tools, teachers will not have to worry about taking too much time to grade papers or prepare for lessons.


