# Today I Learned

## 2024-10-17

## Symbol
# Finished
% Unfinished
$ Updates Notes


### Today's Learnings
   # Preparing for the Duolingo English Test
   # Using English in Technical Research

  - Development
   # Learn about Linux Fandamentals Part 1(THM)
   # About Startup usecase by speakerdeck
    https://speakerdeck.com/


## General
  - # Create TIL
  - # Push to Git

## Detail

### THM Course

Pre Security
  #N Introduciont to Cyber Security
    #N Intro to Offensive Security
    #N Intro to Defensive Security
    #N Careers in Cyber
  
  #N Network Fundamentals
    #N What is Networking
    #N Intro to LAN
    #N OSI Model
    #N Packets and Frames
    #N Extending Your Network

  #N How The Web Works
    #N DNS in detail
    #N HTTP in Detail
    #N How Websites Work
    #N Putting it all together

  Linux Fundamentals
    #N Linux Findamentals Part1
    #N Linux Findamentals Part2
    Linux Findamentals Part3

  Windows Fundamentals
    Windows Fundamentals 1
    Windows Fundamentals 2
    Windows Fundamentals 3

- Network Fundamentals
  - OSI Model
    # What is the OSI Model?
    # Layer 7 - Application
    # Layer 6 - Presentation
    # Layer 5 - Session
    # Layer 4 - Transport
    # Layer 3 - Network
    # Layer 2 - Datalink
    # Layer 1 - Physical

  - packet and frames
    # UDP/IP
    # ports 101 (Practical)

Introduction to Pentesting
  Pentesting Fundamentals
  Principles of Security
---


Introduction to Web Hacking
  Walking An Application
  Content Discovery
  Subdomain Enumeration
  Authentication Bypass
  IDOR
  FIle Inculusion
  Intro to SSRF
  Intro to Cross-site Scripting
  Command Injection
  SQL Injection
---

Burp Suite
  Burp Suite:The Basics
  Burp Suite:Repeater
  Burp Suite:Intruder
  Burp Suite:Other Modules
  Burp Suite:Extensions
---

Network Security
  Passive Reconnaissance
  Active  Reconnaissance
  Nmap Live Hot Discovery
  Nmap Basic Port Scans
  Nmap Advanced Port Scans
  Nmap Post Port Scans
  Protocols and Servers
  Protocols and Ssrvers 2
  Net Sec Challenge
---

Vulnerability Research
  Vulnerability 101
  Exploit Vulnerability
  Vulnerability Capstone
---

Metasploit
  Metasploit:Introducition
  Metasploit:Exploitation
  Metasploit:Meterpreter

Privilege Escalation
  What the Shell
  Linux Privilege Escalation
  Windws Privilege Escalation
---

### How to connect thm

- split view
- Deploying Your Linux Machine:push "Start Machine"
- Get the IP address of Linux Machine
- Open the terminal and use command
  ssh tryhackme@IP.Address
  yes
  tryhackme
  tryhackme
---


### Linux Findamentals Part2
  - Index
    #Task 1 Introduction
    #Task 2 Accessing Your Linux Machine Using SSH (Deploy)
    #Task 3 Introduction to Flags and Switches
    #Task 4 Filesystem Interaction Continued
    #Task 5 Permissions 101
    #Task 6 Common Directories
    #Task 7 Conclusions and Summaries
    #Task 8 Linux Fundamentals Part 3

# Task 1 Introduction
  - In "Linux Fundamentals Part 2," you'll build on what you learned in Part 1. Here's what you'll do:

  - Learn to log into and control remote terminals.
    - Use flags and arguments to improve commands.
    - Copy and move files in the system.
    - Understand file access and permissions.
    - Run your first scripts and executables.
---

# Task 2 Accessing Your Linux Machine Using SSH (Deploy)
# Task 3 Introduction to Flags and Switches
What flag would we use to display the output in a "human-readable" way?
-h
example : ls -lh


# Task 6 Common Directories

  /etc
    - Stores important system files for the operating system.
    - Notable files:
      - sudoers: Lists users/groups with root access.
      - passwd & shadow: Store encrypted user passwords.
    
  /var
    - Stands for "variable data."
    - Contains files frequently accessed or written, such as:
      - Logs: /var/log
      - Database files.
  
  /root
    - Home directory for the system's root user.
    - Separate from /home, where regular user data is stored.
  
  /tmp
   - Temporary directory for storing data that is cleared after a system reboot.
  - Accessible by any user, useful for storing scripts or temporary files.
  
  - Key directories:
    - Logs: /var/log
    - Temporary files: /tmp
    - Root user’s home directory: /root

---


### Linux Findamentals Part3


# Task 1 Introduction
# Task 2 Deploy Your Linux Machine
# Task 3 Terminal Text Editors
# Task 4 General/Useful Utilities
  Downloading Files (Wget):
    Wget is used to download files from the web via HTTP by providing the web address of the resource. 
    Example:
    wget https://example.com/myfile.txt
    
  Transferring Files Between Hosts - SCP (SSH):
    SCP (Secure Copy) allows copying files securely between two computers using SSH for authentication
    and encryption.
    
    To copy a file from your system to a remote system:
      scp important.txt ubuntu@192.168.1.30:/home/ubuntu/transferred.txt
    
    To copy a file from a remote system to your local system:
      scp ubuntu@192.168.1.30:/home/ubuntu/documents.txt notes.txt
    
  
  Serving Files from Your Host - Python HTTPServer:
    You can quickly serve files using Python3's HTTPServer. 
    This creates a simple web server on your computer to share files.
    
    Start the server in the current directory:
    python3 -m http.server
    
    Access the files using a browser or a command like wget:
    wget http://10.10.56.209:8000/myfile
    
  Running the Python3 Web Server in a New Terminal:
    You will need to open a new terminal to run the wget command 
    and leave the terminal with the Python3 web server running.
    Key Commands:

    Start a Web Server:
     python3 -m http.server

    Download a file using wget:
     wget http://10.10.56.209:8000/.flag.txt

    Make sure to stop the Python3 HTTPServer using Ctrl + C once you’re done.
---










# Task 5 Processes 101
  Processes are programs running on your machine, managed by the kernel, 
  each assigned a unique Process ID (PID). 
  The ps command lists running processes for the current user session, 
  while ps aux shows all processes, including system processes.

  Key Commands:
    - ps: Displays a list of running processes.
    - top: Provides real-time system statistics about running processes, refreshing every 10 seconds.
    - kill [PID]: Sends signals to terminate or control processes (e.g., SIGTERM, SIGKILL, SIGSTOP).
  
  Process States:
    - Backgrounding (&): Allows processes to run in the background (e.g., command &).
    - Foregrounding (fg): Brings a backgrounded process back into the foreground.
    - Background Pausing (Ctrl + Z): Pauses a process in the background, which can be resumed.
    - Systemctl for Services: The systemctl command controls services in systemd, allowing you to start, 
      stop, enable, or disable services.

  Systemctl Commands:
    - systemctl start [service]: Starts the service.
    - systemctl stop [service]: Stops the service.
    - systemctl enable [service]: Starts the service on boot.
    - systemctl disable [service]: Prevents a service from starting on boot.
  
  Summary of Key Points:
    - Processes are identified by PIDs and can be controlled using commands like kill.
    - Use systemctl to manage services like starting or stopping a web server.
    - Processes can run in the background using & or paused with Ctrl + Z, and can be resumed using fg.
    
  Sample Questions:
    - What is the next process ID after 300? → 301
    - How do you send a clean kill signal? → SIGTERM
    - How do you bring a backgrounded process back to the foreground? → fg
---






### Words and Phrases
reworked(the reworked "Linux Fundamentals" series.):
ditch(we'll be ditching the in-browser functionalit):
flags(using flags and arguments):
arguments(using flags and arguments):
Although intimidating,:



### Corp IT

#### 改善案
/workspaces/development_public/tutorials/IT Administrator/CorpIT/改善案.txt

#### 警報転送ツール
/workspaces/development_public/tutorials/IT Administrator/CorpIT/monitoring.txt

#### キッティング
/workspaces/development_public/tutorials/IT Administrator/CorpIT/kitting.txt

#### 法令遵守・ガバナンス（内部統制）
/workspaces/development_public/tutorials/IT Administrator/CorpIT/法令遵守・ガバナンス.txt

#### Mac (OpenUrls)
/workspaces/development_public/tutorials/IT Administrator/Mac Support/openUrls
---