# Today I Learned

## 2024-08-25

## Symbol
# Finished
% Unfinished
$ Updates Notes


### Today's Learnings 
 - # Preparing for the Duolingo English Test
   Exercise flashcards using Quizlet.
   Using iPhone APP for CEFR Vocaburalies

- # Online Lesson
  Took Feedback from trainer to improve my speaking and lisnening skills.


### Routine
- # Preparing Duolingo English Test
 - # Online Lesson
 - # CEFR Vocaburalies

- # Development
 - # Modifiy create_til_entry.sh

- # General
 - Create TIL
 - Push to Git



## Detail

### DET

#### CEFR Vocaburalies
Lesson #3(B1)
 # Group 1
 # Group 2
 # Group 3
 # Group 4
 # Group 5
 # Group 6
 # Group 7 
 # Group 8  
 # Group 9 
 # Group 10
 % Group 11
 % Group 12
 % Group 13
 % Group 14
 % Group 15
 % Group 16
 % Group 17
 % Group 18

Lesson #4(B2)
 # Group 1
 % Group 2 
 % Group 3  
 % Group 4 
 % Group 5
 % Group 6
 % Group 7 
 % Group 8  
 % Group 9 
 % Group 10
 % Group 11
 % Group 12
 % Group 13
 % Group 14
 % Group 15
 % Group 16
 % Group 17
 % Group 18

Lesson #5(C1)
 # Group 1
 % Group 2 
 % Group 3  
 % Group 4 
 % Group 5
 % Group 6
 % Group 7 
 % Group 8  
 % Group 9 
 % Group 10
 % Group 11
 % Group 12
 % Group 13
 % Group 14
 % Group 15
 % Group 16
 % Group 17
 % Group 18
 

#### Today's Phrases

Q: Do you have plans after the lesson?
A: Yes, I'm going to coding for indivisual development and learn English.

Q: Can you see and hear me clearly?
A: Yes, I can see and hear you perfectly.

Q: What areas would you like to improve?
A: I’d like to focus on improving my speaking and listening skills.

Q: I have applied for a master's degree in Computer Science and need to achieve the required score.
A: That's great! How are you preparing for the exam?

Q: I worked for a medical company two years ago.
A: What kind of work did you do there?

Q: I USED TO for a medical company two years ago.
A: What motivated you to change your job?

Q: I ENJOY coding and resolving users' issues.
A: That sounds rewarding! What kind of coding do you do?


#### Demo Lesson

30th [THIR-ti-eth]
Ron is AT the entrance.
It is ON the second floor.
No, I'm not. I'm AT home.
I'm IN my room.
I SOMETIMES go to the office ONCE or TWICE a month.

once = one time
twice = two times
thrice = three times
several = four or more times


#### About Programs
The trainer said that I could improve my speaking and listening by following these steps:

##### Speaking
Read your program text out loud before your class (5 min).
Use the new phrases in your next lesson.
Repeat the same lesson multiple times until you feel confident.

##### Listening
Watch our video lesson before your class to work on your listening skills.
Listen and repeat using the video lesson.
If you can’t catch what your trainer is saying, ask them to speak slowly.
"Sorry, I didn’t catch that. Could you repeat that, please?"
"Could you speak a little slower?"
---

### Development
#### Modify the create_til_entry.sh Script
 Create the file using content from header.txt.
 Transition from hardcoded header content in the script to dynamically generating it from header.txt.

#### Next.js Setup and Testing:
 - Successfully set up a Next.js project using npx create-next-app.
 - Tested the "Hello World" page by modifying the page.tsx file.
 - Managed Node.js system files effectively using .gitignore.
 - Utilized tree command to view the directory structure, excluding unnecessary system files.
